Spreading Ideas.
Celebrating Animals, Confronting Cruelty.
The increase and diffusion of knowledge.
To inspire conservation of the oceans.
To honor and empower wounded warriors.
A better world through kindness to animals.
To connect people through lending to alleviate poverty.
To inspire and empower people affected by cancer.
To bring a permanent end to LRA atrocities.
To create content that educates, informs and inspires.
USO lifts the spirits of America’s troops and their families.
Human Rights Campaign Working to achieve lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality.
Inspiring Americans to protect wildlife for our children’s future.
To create lasting solutions to poverty, hunger, and social injustice.
water: Bringing clean, safe drinking water to people in developing countries.
To build healthier lives, free of cardiovascular diseases and stroke.
To preserve the natural systems on which all life depends.
To inspire lifelong learning, advance knowledge, and strengthen our communities.
To conserve the lands and waters on which all life depends.
To serve individuals and families in the poorest communities in the world.
To protect and enhance America’s National Park System for present and future generations.
To find a cure for diabetes and its complications through the support of research.
To work with communities to end hunger and poverty and care for the Earth.
To provide effective means for the prevention of cruelty to animals throughout the United States.
The protection of all native animals and plants in their natural communities.
To undertake research and action focused on preventing and ending grave abuses of these rights.
Creative Commons develops, supports, and stewards legal and technical infrastructure that maximizes digital creativity, sharing, and innovation.
We help moms have full-term pregnancies and research the problems that threaten the health of babies.
To prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes.
Seeking to put God’s love into action, Habitat for Humanity brings people together to build homes, communities and hope.
To lead people worldwide into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ and to strengthen the local church.
To provide better care of the sick, investigation into their problems, and further education of those who serve.
The U.S. Fund for UNICEF fights for the survival and development of the world’s most vulnerable children and protects their basic human rights.
Cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin’s disease and myeloma, and improve the quality of life of patients and their families.
Growing the movement of leaders who work to ensure that kids growing up in poverty get an excellent education.
To inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives.
San Diego Zoo is a conservation, education, and recreation organization dedicated to the reproduction, protection, and exhibition of animals, plants, and their habitats.
Ducks Unlimited conserves, restores, and manages wetlands and associated habitats for North America’s waterfowl. These habitats also benefit other wildlife and people.
We grant the wishes of children with life-threatening medical conditions to enrich the human experience with hope, strength and joy.
American Red Cross prevents and alleviates human suffering in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.
We mobilize people and resources to drive research for a cure and to address the challenges of everyone affected by MS.
Doctors without Borders (Médecins Sans Frontières) works in nearly 70 countries providing medical aid to those most in need regardless of their race, religion, or political affiliation.
To feed America’s hungry through a nationwide network of member food banks and engage our country in the fight to end hunger.
Susan G Komen for the Cure is fighting every minute of every day to finish what we started and achieve our vision of a world without breast cancer.
To conserve and restore natural ecosystems, focusing on birds, other wildlife, and their habitats for the benefit of humanity and the earth’s biological diversity.
To inspire hope and contribute to health and well-being by providing the best care to every patient through integrated clinical practice, education and research.
To enable Rotarians to advance world understanding, goodwill, and peace through the improvement of health, the support of education, and the alleviation of poverty.
To enhance quality of life for all as we age. We lead positive social change and deliver value to members through information, advocacy and service.
To prepare young people to make ethical and moral choices over their lifetimes by instilling in them the values of the Scout Oath and Law.
To work in partnership with member stations to create a more informed public – one challenged and invigorated by a deeper understanding and appreciation of events, ideas and cultures.
